50 few yes Thailand
my name is Paul Krause and I'm a
surfboard shaper as well as a filmmaker
I know a lot of shapers around the world
and have talked story with many of them
and it gave me the idea that if I'm
interested in their stories probably
other people would be too so i made the
shape makers some of these are living
masters that are our link from the
earliest days of shaving or wooden
boards and hand tools were the only only
things available they have lots of
interesting stories and I think that
you'll enjoy their interviews as and the
shade makers as much as i did make
it would be impossible to include all
the great shapers working today but we
have selected some of those who have
been pivotal in the development of the
modern surfboard right at the start of
this whole thing we were really in the
dark ages and then happen to make sense
out of the early surfboard builders from
Dukes time down to you know Tom Blake
Dale Velzy who evolved down into you
know the dick Brewer Pat Curran and then
the mini mini gun came into playing area
take off and it doesn't have any kind of
hang ups it's just an effortless planing
acidity that's like the magic you know
today up and down the California coast
you will find locals enjoying a glassy
day of surfing after favor darling
twelver lavender younger probably just
my dad and get aboard that pearl because
they were too heavy for a little kid my
blank was horrible
I remember one time what Dale would get
you know half a dozen bundles we dive in
there and get the best lightest what out
for ourselves immediately but I'm
surfing I'm thinking about the board I'm
thinking about what is it doing how's it
feel and I'm sure the Yeti eight ER and
Takayama and brew and all these other
guys are too when the boom started off
in the but early in the early 60s and
said I money was just absolutely better
and you've got a lot of technical
aspects it as if adventurers dog concave
right through it and from the one board
you can undoubtedly get much tighter out